Indoor fireplace protects the home from the fire that heats it.
In some camps, there is a camp fire.
Around the camp fire, there are usually some logs to stop it from spreading.
Firefighters are people with special training to control and stop fires. 
They also rescue victims of fire related incidents.
Fire needs three things to burn: oxygen, fuel, and heat. 
Fuels can be wood, tinder, coal, oil or any other substance that will easily oxidize.
Once a fire is burning, it creates its own heat.
This lets the fire keep burning on its own for some time.
Fire is very hot. 
A person should never touch fire, because fire may burn anything that gets too close. 
If human skin touches fire, the skin may burn, which can take some time to heal. 
If a fire gives off a large amount of smoke, a person's mouth should be covered with a wet cloth, since people can faint when they breathe in too much smoke. 
Even a spark, such as from a cigarette, should be kept away from any fuels that very easily catch and spread fire, like gasoline, or cause an explosion, like gunpowder.
If fire is not treated carefully, it can be very dangerous. 
One wildfire sometimes burns thousands of square miles or kilometers. 
Forests can burn down if fires are not controlled. 
Every year, large areas of forests are destroyed because of fire. 
This usually happens in the summer.
Fire can be very useful if it is treated carefully. 
It has always been very important for people to be able to make fire. 
People need its heat to keep warm on cold days. 
It is also used to cook things. 
Its light can be useful to be able to see in dark places.
Fire is useful, but also very dangerous because it can cause houses, trees and many other things to burn into ashes. 
Forest fires are very harmful. 
They can destroy a huge area in a matter of minutes. 
Every year people die by accident from fire.
Fire can be made in many different ways.Obama has been married to Michelle Obama since 1992. 
She has a law degree from Harvard Law School. 
She worked as a lawyer. 
They have two daughters, Malia Ann, who was born in 1998 and Natasha, born in 2001. 
They lived in Chicago, but moved into the White House on January 20, 2009.In foreign policy, Obama made a plan to slowly withdraw troops from Iraq, ending the War in Iraq by the end of 2011, while adding more troops to Afghanistan to help the United States win the War in Afghanistan. 
He also decided that the USA should help in the war against Libya. 
He has said several times that he wants to improve U.S. relations with the Muslim world.Obama received the 2009 Nobel Peace Prize on October 9, 2009. 
He noted that his efforts were humble, but he donated the prize money to several charities.The start of his second term in 2014, had a few setbacks. 
With the NSA, people were upset at the Obama Administration that the government was possibly listening to their phone calls. 
His party also lost the Congressional elections. 
Because of disagreements between Democrats and Republicans in Congress, neither side is getting anything done and Obama has resulted in using his Executive Order to help reform things like the immigration system.He's also supported increasing the minimum wage, requiring women to be paid the same as men at the same job and has called for the first 2 years of college to be fully government-funded for students who study full-time and get good grades.
As president, he slowly ended US participation in the Iraq War, having prepared the country to defend itself. 
He also signed the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act which changed many health care laws. 
He also enacted many acts to create public works jobs to help the economy. 
He became the first president to openly express support for gay marriage, proposed gun control as a result of the Sandy Hook school shooting and opened diplomatic relations with Cuba.
Pizza is a type of food that was created in Italy. 
It is made by putting "toppings" over a piece of bread covered with sauce. 
The sauce is most often tomato-based, but sometimes butter-based sauces are used. 
The piece of bread is usually called a "pizza crust". 
Almost any kind of topping can be put over a pizza. 
The toppings used are different in different parts of the world. 
Pizza comes from Italy, from Neapolitan cuisine, but has become popular in many parts of the world.
Pizza was brought to the United States with Italian immigrants in the late nineteenth century; and first appeared in areas where Italian immigrants concentrated. 
The country's first pizzeria, Lombardi's, opened in 1905. 
Veterans returning from World War II's Italian Campaign were a ready market for pizza. 
Since then pizza consumption has exploded in the U.S. 
Pizza chains such as Domino's, Pizza Hut, and Papa John's, have outlets all over the nation. 
Thirteen percent of the U.S. population eats pizza on any given day.
Sicilian-style pizza has its toppings baked directly into the crust.
Frozen pizza is pizza that has been prepared beforehand, and is then deep-frozen, to be distributed in supermarkets. 
It is among the most successful and popular types of convenience food. 
One main frozen pizza brand is Digiorno.
White pizza uses no tomato sauce, often substituting pesto or dairy products such as sour cream. 
Most commonly, especially on the East Coast of the United States, the toppings consist only of mozzarella and ricotta cheese drizzled with olive oil and basil and garlic. 
In Rome, the term pizza bianca refers to a type of bread topped only with olive oil.
Pizza is cooked in a oven. 
When cooked, it should be crispy, tender and fragrant.
The origin of the word Pizza is uncertain. 
The food was invented in Naples about 200 years ago. 
It is the name for a special type of flatbread, made with special dough. 
The pizza enjoyed a second birth as it was taken to the United States in the later 19th century.
Flatbreads like the focaccia from Liguria have been known for a very long time. 
Pizzas need to be baked at temperatures of 200–250 °C. 
Hardly any household oven could reach such temperatures at the time. 
Because of this, the pizza was made at home, and then given to the town bakery to bake. 
In June 1889, the Neapolitan chef Raffaele Esposito created the "Margherita" in honour of Queen Margherita, and was the first pizza to include cheese.
The people meet to decide about new laws, and changes to existing ones. 
This is usually called direct democracy.
After people hold an election, the candidates that won are determined. 
The way this is done can be simple: The candidate with the most votes gets elected. 
Very often, the politicians being elected belong to a political party. 
Instead of choosing a person, people vote for a party. 
The party with the most votes then picks the candidates.
Usually, the people being elected need to meet certain conditions: They need to have a certain age or a government body needs to determine that they are suitably qualified to perform the job.
Not everyone can vote in an election. 
Suffrage is only given to people who are citizens. 
Some groups may be excluded, for example prisoners.
This kind of government was developed long ago by the ancient Greeks in classical Athens. 
They had everyone who was a citizen get together in one area. 
The assembly would talk about what kinds of laws they wanted and voted on them. 
The council would suggest the laws. 
All citizens were allowed in the assembly.
The council were picked by draws. 
The participants in the council would change every year and the number of people in the council was at the most 500. 
For some offices the Athenian citizens would pick a leader by writing the name of their favorite candidate on a piece of stone or wood. 
The person with the most votes became the leader.
